Update README with checkpoint links (#10)
VHellendoorn/Code-LMs: README.md

## Getting Started

**Via DockerHub (Recommended):**
A *base* Docker image containing a slightly modified version of the [gpt-neox repository](https://github.com/EleutherAI/gpt-neox) is [available via DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/vhellendoorn/code-lms-neox). 

> This image can be used together with a checkpoint file hosted on this [public Zenodo deposit](https://zenodo.org/record/6344914). The base image size is 5.4GB, and the model checkpoints range up to 6GB, which is also the amount of GPU memory they require to run (running on CPU is neither tested nor recommended).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image can be used together with a checkpoint file hosted on this [public Zenodo repository](https://zenodo.org/record/6344914). The base Docker image size is 5.4GB, and the model checkpoints range up to 6GB, which is also the amount of GPU memory they require to run (running on CPU is neither tested nor recommended).
```

Several models have been trained on a [large corpus](#data-characteristics) of code spanning 12 programming languages. This includes a 2.7B parameter model (nick-named **PolyCoder**, trained for 100K and 150K steps), a 405M parameter model (100K & 150K steps) and a 160M parameter model (150K steps).

### Available Models

> All models are available [at a public Zenodo deposit](https://zenodo.org/record/6344914), in the form of `.tar` files with fairly self-explanatory names (e.g., 2-7B-100K => a 2.7B parameter model trained for 100K steps). Currently available models include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All models are available [at a public Zenodo repository](https://zenodo.org/record/6344914), in the form of `.tar` files with fairly self-explanatory names (e.g., 2-7B-100K => a 2.7B parameter model trained for 100K steps). Currently available models include:
```
